# summary

Open an environment in a web browser.

# description

You can open the following types of environments in a web browser: scratch orgs, sandboxes, Dev Hubs, and production orgs. Run "sf env list" to view your environments and their aliases and login usernames.

Each of your environments is associated with an instance URL, such as https://login.salesforce.com. To open a specific web page, specify the portion of the URL after "<URL>/" with the --path flag, such as /apex/YourPage to open a Visualforce page.

# examples

- Open the Visualforce page /apex/StartHere in a scratch org with alias test-org:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere

- View the URL but don't launch it in a browser:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere --url-only

- Open the environment in the Google Chrome browser:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere --browser chrome

# flags.path.summary

Path to append to the end of the login URL.

# flags.url-only.summary

Display the URL, but don’t launch it in a browser.

# flags.target-env.summary

Login user or alias of the environment to open.

# flags.target-env.description

Specify the login user or alias that’s associated with the environment. For scratch orgs, the login user is generated by the command that created the scratch org. You can also set an alias for the scratch org when you create it.

For Dev Hubs, sandboxes, and production orgs, specify the alias you set when you logged into the org with "sf login".

# flags.browser.summary

Browser in which to open the environment.

# flags.browser.description

You can specify that the environment open in one of the following browsers: Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, or Windows Edge. If you don’t specify --browser, the environment opens in your default browser. The exact names of the browser applications differ depending on the operating system you're on; check your documentation for details.

# error.NoDefaultEnv

No default environment found. Use -e or --target-env to specify an environment to open.

# error.NoEnvFound

No environment found for %s.

# error.EnvironmentNotSupported

The environment %s doesn't support being opened.

# error.ApplicationNotFound

Can't find application named %s.

# deprecationMessage

This command will be deprecated in a future release.

# deprecatedInFavorOf

<%= config.bin %> org open
